And finally, I'm sure
you've all noticed
the fabulous chandelier
you'll be delivering.
What? Where?
Up there.
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Nice.
It's extremely delicate,
so if one of you breaks it,
you're paying for it!
Fry did it!
Did what?
Just practicing for later.
Ah! Perfect timing.
I just turbocharged the
ship's matter compressor.
What's the
matter compressor?
Nothing's the matter, Fry, now that I've
turbocharged the matter compressor.
(SIGHS) Instead of
making the ship faster,
how about installing
some seat belts?
Seat belts are dead weight.
I feel the need
for speed!
Yes, but I feel
the nafety for safety.
Oh, fuff!
Idonfigetaflup in your business
when you upgrade your bazooms!
That's because my bazooms don't
put anyone's life in danger!
(EXCLAIMS)
Done broke my spine.
Nice rack, though.
Thank you, Scruffy.
(SPUTTERS)
(EXPLODES)
(EXCLAIMS)
You wrecked my
dear ship Bessie?
I just finished
naming her.
LEELA:
Never mind the ship.
What about us?
(MUTTERS)
Fry did it!
We've had it with this
flying slaughterhouse.
We're having it
towed away for scrap,
and we're getting
a new, safer ship.
Here I comes
to save the days.
This is how
you treat me?
After all the good news I've
given you over the years?
Well, if you don't want
Bessie, you don't want me.
Goodbye!
Don't worry, shippums,
with a whole junkyard
of spare parts to work with,
I'll turn you
into a tepid rod.
Oh! What the heck?
A hot rod!
(WHIRRING)
(EXCLAIMS)
Ah!
Time for the mornings
meltsdowns.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I'll pay you back,
I swear.
Yeah, yeah,
I heards its befores.
(BEEP S)
(WHEEZES)
Next up,
the Planet Expresses ship.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
What's the...
In your face, sucker!
Also, I'll send you a check
for the parts I stole!
Okays, you honest
young punk!
Now ons to the next junker.
(EXCLAIMS)
(ALL HONKING)
(SIGHS) The open road!
Not a ship ahead of me.
(ENGINES REVVING)
Yo, Methuselah,
speeditup!
You're making the roads unsafe
for us maniac street racers!
Step off, you greasers!
I was street racing back when
ships still ran on moon water!
Damn, yo, get a load
of speed geezer!
(ALL CHUCKLING)
Hey!
That's it,
you hoodlums!
Your mouth just wrote a
PayPal transfer request
that your butt has
insufficient funds to honor!
Yo, it is on!
Before that,
it was off.
Twice around
Central Park.
Loser has to make the winner's
Medicare copayments for a year!
A'ight.
On three. One...
Oh, it just got real.
So real
I don't believe it.
...two...
Oh, man, I can't afford
no Medicare copayments!
...three!
(CHUCKUNG)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(MAN EXCLAIMS)
Wrinkles got some
mad moves, yo.
Yo, Wrinkles,
you got big glasses.
I'm gonna call you
the Professor.
What?
No one calls me that!
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
Hey, Minx, we survive this,
can I finally get that date?
Nah. You know
I'm with Benny.
Girl, he don't own you!
Yeah, but he saved me
from my abusive father.
Not physically abusive.
Verbally.
It's a long story I can't get
into while we're spinning out.
(CHUCKLES MOCKINGLY)
(BOTH SCREAM)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
Ow! Paper cut!
(HANDCUFFS CLICKING)
Hey!
Hey, Earl, it's that
street racing gang
we've been trying
to bust for years.
Unsuccessfully,
I might add.
Guess this is your
lucky day, Pimparoo.
Those punks have endangered our
citizens for the last time.
(SIREN WAILS)
(BOTH EXCLAIM)
Ironic!
Whoa! It's the police!
Let's turn and burn!
Running off, eh?
You're pathetic!
You wouldn't be scared of the po-po
if you had a ship like mine.
Yo, Professor, if
your ship's so dope,
why are those
cops on your tail
like my dad's verbal
abuse on my psyche?
'Cause you haven't seen
what old Bessie can do yet.
Sayonara,
Tokyo driftwood!
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
(CRACKLING)
What the what?
Oh, snap! Dude pulled
a dimensional drift!
I can't believe
we lost them again.
I need a drink.
Nah. We're on the job.
Let's just go pepper spray
some homeless families.
(CRACKLING)
(ALL EXCLAIM)
That was
a sick move, yo!
Thank you. I have no
idea what that means.
You got a death wish,
Professor.
Something must've happened in your
life that hurt you, just like us.
In my case,
it was verbal abuse.
That's in the rearview
mirror, baby.
It wasn't what he said that hurt,
it was what was left unsaid.
Sometimes the best way
to deal with your problems
is to drive away
from them real fast.
So, yo, you want to
hook up with our crew?
Again, no idea
what that means.
Good news, everyone!
Our safe new ship
has arrived,
and it's gonna knook your
sooks on, where they belong.
Ta-da!
(ALL CHEERING)
(ALL MURMURING)
Is it inside that box?
No. That's the ship.
The boxy shape keeps it
from going too fast.
And check out the interior.
(LOCK BEEPS)
Note the rear-facing
safety seats.
Ha!C0oH
Hey, wait. If I'm backwards, I
can't see out the windshield.
There is no windshield.
Who needs a big,
breakable piece of glass
when we can just
monitor everything
on the padded
dashboard display?
At least there's
a cup holder.
That's an arm holder.
(MUTTERS)
Hey!
Well, let's break
this ship in.
This package is going
to Glorionimous 3,
which orbits an incredible
rainbow giant star.
All right!
Let's ride!
(BEEP S)
(BEEPING RHYTHMICALLY)
(YAWN S)
Safe and sound.
(SINGING) Bender is bored,
Bender is bored
Bender, Bender, Bender
Leela, Bender's
bothering me!
FEMALE VOICE: Driver
distraction detected.
Bender, Bender, Bender
(MUFFLED SPEECH)
Amazing!
You multicultural punks just
race and tinker all day long?
And we rap about
our problems.
Like, my aunt's
neighbor is a hoarder.
Stack of magazines
fell on her cat.
It's hard, you know?
Yo, you're not alone.
Hey, Professor, that
dimensional drift was hot!
How'd you rock that?
It's simple, Minx.
All you need is
a 4-D intake manifold.
(BEEPING)
It sucks in fourth dimension,
creating a friotion-less Wormhole.
ALL: Whoa!
Dig that!
Ain't no thing but
a hyperchicken wing.
(ALL SNORING)
(THUD)
(ALL EXCLAIM)
What?
Huh? I guess we're here.
Let's make the delivery.
FEMALE VOICE:
Delivery auto-completed.
Welcome home, heroes!
The ship did everything?
But we didn't
have an adventure.
This is
a delivery company.
We need less adventures,
not more adventures.
Now come on, let's
go to the ready room
and wait for our
next assignment.
Leela...
Ready for action, sir!
Uh... Okay.
I need you to pick up
a few groceries.
Oh! And on the way, drop off Fry
and Bender at karate class.
Oh, right,
it's Wednesday!
Today we're gonna
learn spinny kicks!
(BOTH CHEERING)
(KIDS LAUGHING)
(GRUNTS)
FEMALE VOICE:
Stop sign in 75 feet.
Stop sign in 50 feet.
I know how to stop
at a stop sign!
(THUD)
Yo, soccer mom, speed it up!
Move that lunch bucket!
Oh, Leela!
Professor?
What did you do
to the Planet Express ship?
And why are you wearing
a leather lab coat?
Because unlike you,
I'm cool.
I drive fast late at night
when I should be sleeping.
But you
wouldn't understand.
I understand I can still
outdrive your saggy ass,
even in this clunker.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
That one-eyed housewife
called you out!
When and where, PTA?
(ENGINE REVVING)
AMY: What kind of glorked-up
drag strip is this?
Mébius drag strip, man.
Okay, no cops,
no laws, no rules.
Now here are the rules.
Once around both same
sides of the half-twist
and back to the start
and finish line.
Ready?
(ENGINES REVVING)
Leela, Professor,
don't do this!
It's too exciting!
Mark, set, 90,310!
One more lap!
Nah, half a lap.
You forgot, on the Mobius
strip, two laps is one lap.
(CHUCKLES)
You kids and
your topology.
The lady from work
is winning!
Looks like you're about
to lose to a minivan.
Unless you have any surprise
moves you've forgotten about.
No, no. Wait!
(READING)
(BRAKE SCREECHES)
(CRACKUNG)
(FARNSWORTH EXCLAIMING)
(ALL GASP)
(CRACKLING)
(CHUCKUNG)
Now who's in the lead?
Seriously, I have no idea.
Hooray! A tie!
(GASPS) Do you
think they're dead?
No, no.
I choose to believe they're
alive in some other dimension.
Screaming in agony.
(SNIFFLING)
I hope so.
What's going on?
Why do I look like a
stupid oartoon character?
Ifeelhke I lost weight.
All of it.
Remarkable!
It seems that colliding
at relativistic speed
has collapsed us down
into two dimensions.
Oh, no! Like Flatland?
Call it what you will.
The point is, the new Shrek movie
won't look nearly as good.
I was taking a nap
in the back seat.
Anything happen while I was...
(MUTTERS)
Bloods on the Mébius strip.
When will these
kids learns?
(SNIFFLES) So
now what happens?
It's the end of Planet Express
and life as we know it.
We're out of business
unless we find a new crew!
Yo, dawg,
we're a crew.
Well, that solves that.
If we're gonna be co-workers,
I gotta be straight with you.
I've been emotionally scarred by
years of unspoken verbal abuse.
I'm Zoidberg.
Nice to meet you!
Hey, Flatso, how do we get out
of this two-bit dimension?
There's a simple answer for that.
We can't.
(ALL GASP)
But on the upside,
we've got a whole
dimension to explore
with entirely different
laws of physics.
Why, watch what happens
when I drop this marble.
Well, that's the same, but
other things are different.
Come, look at this
two-dimensional bird's nest.
Ooh! Me first! I'll just
step past Leela here.
BOTH: Ow!
You can't step past in this dimension.
You have to step around.
(MUTTERING MOCKINGLY)
Observe this
two-dimensional egg.
If we were in the third
dimension, looking down,
we'd be able to see
an unhatched chick in it,
just as a chick inside
a three-dimensional egg
could be seen by an observer
in the fourth dimension.
Fourth dimension? I can't picture that!
You're dumb.
Halt!
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Who said that?
All I see are a bunch
of vertical line segments.
We are the
Lords of Flatbush.
Come. The king has declared
a feast in your honor.
Wow. How did he
even know we're here?
'Cause I'm him.
Let's eat.
(WHISTLING)
(CHUCKUNG)
(BLOWS TRUMPET)
The feast is served!
Choose whatever two-dimensional
foods you like.
Crepes, flatbread, McDonald's hamburgers.
You get the idea.
Yum! Apples!
Hey, how come
I can't swallow?
Hmm... I guess
it's because
our two-ended digestive system
can't exist in this dimension.
I suppose that
could be an issue.
(MUFFLED SPEECH)
I knew it. I knew he'd
get us killed somehow.
As you can see, or rather can't
see, but take my word for it,
such a digestive
system would divide
a 2-D being into
separate pieces!
So how are we supposed
to eat and digest?
Got it.
Well, since we have
no digestive systems here,
I guess we'd better get back to
the third dimension after all.
Third dimension? I can't picture that!
You're dumb.
(ALL LAUGHING MOCKINGLY)
There's nothing
funny about science!
If there can be an X-axis and
a Y-axis, why not a Z-axis?
He's opening our
minds to new ideas!
Kill him!
(CLAMORING)
(ALL WHIMPERING)
To the ship!
Which ship?
Leela's! It's safer.
Safety kills.
We got to move!
(CLAMORING CONTINUES)
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go)!
Oh, what's the
point of fleeing?
Even if we escape
from those creatures,
we'll still be stuck in this
dimension till we starve.
Wait. What about
a dimensional drift?
If it went through the
fourth dimension before,
maybe here, it'll go through
the third dimension!
BY GOd, You're right!
But to keep us there,
I'd need to accelerate to dimensional
escape velocity during the drift.
Oh! If only Minx
could see that.
Then she'd see me as more
than just a father figure.
Now's good.
(CRACKLING)
FARNSWORTH: Two point one dimensions!
Two point two!
Two point pi!
FRY: Look, up there!
There's some up!
LEELA: The third dimension!
FARNSWORTH: Indeed, but we're about
to crash into some sort of huge disk!
(ALL SCREAMING)
FRY: My bowels
returned at a bad time!
I'd likes to say
a few words.
(CLEARS TH ROAT)
I'm gonna burns them ups.
(BEEP S)
(BUBBLING)
(ALL EXCLAIM)
We're back, baby!
(ALL CHEERING)
It's been an emotional
five minutes,
but I guess everything
worked out in the end.
Yo, boss,
not everything.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
Dad?
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENGINES REVVING)
(SIRENS WAILING)